PROLOGUE - A HEAVY SWORD TO CARRY

"Zzzzzshhhhhhghrr" Grant's long sword echoed across the field as it dragged over inanimate things and pierced the earth - "cling!" it sounded, as it found a broken bronze helm still attached to its head - a dented thing with the house chrest of its wearer, a simple oak carved in iron. The sound scared nearby crows that were picking on the rags of mulled man. The easiest to frighten set off cawing first followed by its band. Flying up through the smog, the birds complained aloud and annoyed. Like night falling upwards, covering the grey skies, the band of black birds lifted the curtain to the awful nightmare that was the encore to any war. 

At the top of the beaten smoking hill sat the warlord. The banner of his country sprawl open at the winds like a massive wing. In it a powerful elk embroidered in royal blue took the center of the flag with its vigorous front legs in the air and green emeralds shinning for its eyes. Five gold stars hang in front of the beast, one for each castle in the kings realm. Elric's long black curls hang bellow his untouched gold platted armored shoulders. These, along with his straight head formed a proud arrow that pointed towards the sky - the only thing above him now. He barely moved in his massive battle wagon where he sat in a wooden tower overseeing the remains of the battlefield. The view was scarred with corpses, mud and broken things. To an observer, the King seemed too calm, almost dormant. 
 
After this day the country was unified again under the crown, the rebellion having been finally vanquished. Children would sing songs in Elrics name and he would be written on the right side of history books. But something more pressing filled Elric's crowned mind - he wouldn't be the only one written on the pages of history and tongues of story. The warlord pointed his sharp blue eyes at the target of his thoughts. That ambulant bullseye had been responsible for his victory. But instead of pride or relief at the sight of his hero, alive and standing, Elrics expression was one of caution - someone else would've shown fear after seeing what Grant did during that battle, but Elric was a king and as a king he had been blessed by the Gods, given the royal sanctum to reign with sovereign authority and impunity. Elric did not know how to feel threatened. The idea confused him, clashing with his perception of the natural order of things. 
 
It was known only in tales. The ones grandmothers tell to their grandchildren at lunch. Grandmothers have a different hunger from their small heirs, but equally big in appetite. They seem to feed on children's imagination, the stuff which dreams are made of, where immortality lays. These tales have many aperitifs that are served throughout the meal, with distinct memories and their flavors, but somehow always come back to the main course. And if one is lucky, if the child's imagination is running wild like fire and the story teller is a mature worthsmith, a flourished ending should be served, like seasoned strawberries dipped in molten chocolate. And this fortunately is such a tale. One that everyone in the kingdom should know from their merry child years. About warriors who had been chosen by the gods - or as it was usually put - touched. The stories tell of brave honorable fighters who at some point during a battle revealed powerful magical gifts never before seen or felt by the warriors themselves. Some spit fire, others froze every enemy they touched, some gained the strength of 10 elephants and the agility of a cheetah - whatever the skill, the warrior would involuntarily win the battle. Like William the Darthpoint, who's arrows would fly through whole legions before stopping, or Elban The Mighty Roar who's war cry would send his enemies into madness and fright, unleashing chaos and confusion behind enemy lines. But this wasn't a recent tale. They were known. Old paintings that hung in royal halls, crafted by hands long gone,  portrayed such heroes. And Elric knew them. Although he could not admit it, the cold sweat that permeated his unsoiled hands, the panic that had installed in his noble bowels after witnessing Grant, after living through a myth, he felt fearful of Grant and that wouldn't do or he did not hold the kingdom's crimson crown over his head.   
 
As he dragged his tired sword across death, Grant caught a glimpse of a dandelion seed. It swam through the cold northern breeze and now he saw it, cherishing the moment as if it was his own life he was witnessing. He almost didn't notice it happening. But he did and his eyes shattered in a dozen glassy drops reflecting the surrounding destruction, rough tears that hit the ground hard, like lifeless bodies. If it wasn't for that spore, that drop of fleeting life that hang on with all its purpose to some line of potentiality, thin but heavy as the world, he wouldn't have remembered all the people he just erased and that he himself might have died. It might have never happened, but for him, the possibility of it was a miracle - his whole existence fell to his feet and buried itself along with the seeds that never were, might be and would be, soon, beautiful sunny dandelions, coming down floating on the winter winds of the north. Grant caught Elrics eyes, a lion staring at an eagle, high on its royal nest, and he knew then that he would never be able to lift his sword for the warlord again, or in any war for that matter. Grant wiped his red eyes, then with his cape he cleaned his red blade and sheathed the powerful long sword for the last time on its holster. 

Night had settled and a cold mist involved the camp tents. Small bonfires that offered a big comfort permeated the field between large shared bulky tents. Tired warriors, now veterans, all of them, spoke above the coals and blazing flames over pig sausages, dry bread and dark cold ale. One of these groups, like many others, was celebrating victory and the upcoming peace. But unlike most, a thin blanket of imperceivable anguish covered them.

"For the last time Peter, give me the stupid jar already. Or fill my cup. I ain't askin no more, I'll go there and get it after I choked you with your own hanging ballsack" George was big and ginger like a carrot planted in a bucket of manure. And he stank much like a carrot grown in manure would. Peter, the youngest of the group, didn't stop his voice while handing, almost throwing, the jar at George - "I'm telling you the king is going to promote him from Phalange leader to fucking Head of Joint - No! Hand, they'll make him a fucking Hand! What a hero man - our own Phalanger, think of that". While George poured himself more ale from the clay jar thoughts whispered unintentionally from his receding lips "...I saw him you know. I saw Grant cut down their lines. One of hundreds of full armored riders and their horses with his sword. Just a sword." The oldest of the bunch barked at George.
"You're spilling! Good ale by the way and not enough as it is man". Robert yelled from his tree stump where he sat.
"It was just a sword Robert. Do you understand"
 Robert slapped his thigh and pointed at George menacingly. George wiped the golden liquid from his trousers with a swift hand and got up to take a piss. "And you should be glad about it." Robert continued, speaking to the back of George's head "Sir Grant won us the war of the century, maybe of our millennium. I don't know about you George, but I want to go home. Enough with the damned insurgents and their blockist ideas. They've brought enough death with their opinions as it is, to our people and our country. I say let them rot as my farm did, because I am not there George, I am here, fucking dealing with you." A long pause followed, sullen with heavy echoes of repressed memories and the sound of urine hitting soft muggy earth. Robert finally smirked, pulling on his long grey beard and feeling regret for yelling "I also have a wife mind you. And I don't want her to turn into a scabbardita - you know what happens to the mind of a fisherwoman who's not seen a man for too long. The sea turns holes into pillars and pillars into holes. Besides, what you witnessed has its place in tales, gods damn me. It's a miracle and he should be awarded for it." Robert finished his sentence looking straight into the blazing flames, his bread dripping the sausage grease on the dark earth. Remembering what they saw opened a gap between his words and how the warriors truly felt. No one dared speaking nor look up from their toes. 

His leg was dancing frantically up and down when a big heavy hand fell on his shoulder and brought him back to reality. It was a warm hand that grasped him firmly.
"Sir Grant!" Robert managed to say while turning and saluting his Phalange Commander by reflex. The rest copied Roberts instinct. "Relax Robert. All of you commoners, relax." Grant scratched at his nape "I am no longer your Commander so don't." He wore a tired smile "Mind if I sit?" He asked as he sat "I bring juice from the high tables, so throw the piss your drinking there, where piss belongs" He said emptying the clay jar himself onto a bush behind Robert and filling it from the big metallic jug. He was drunk. The group was silent but restless while Grant filled everyone's cup from the clay jar and drank directly from the metallic jug himself. Peter finally broke the silence with over excited words that fell from his young mouth awkwardly loud "Were you promoted to Hand of the army?" - Robert immediately slapped Peter hard on the back of the head "Au!" Peter argued to which Robert replied "What the fuck boy, address Sir Grant properly!" Robert's face flushed red and Grant spit the bloody wine in a burst of laughter. Robert got up and slithered from closed teeth in Peter's ear while holding him by the back of the neck like a dog "What is the matter with you? Have you finally shat the small amount of wits y'ere born with?" "Robert you might have dislodged his fucking head! Are you alive boy? Pronounce your name - Robert, sit down, come on, boy a little softer this time, please." Peter was still rubbing his head and gasping for air when he managed to answer "... Ugh, uff, I am, I am peter. I mean my name is. Sir! Peter, Sir Grant! My name is Peter!" with emphasis on the <<sir's>>. "Ok, ok Peter. You may speak. What was it that you were asking then." Peter recomposed himself and stared Robert with fire in his eyes while he spoke "Have you, Sir Grant, ex commander of our Phalange, been commended to a higher rank, sir?" Robert eyed him back in equal manner "I do not suppose that after your...  deeds, that they have not promoted you... Sir!" "Well, Peter, as a matter of fact I have been promoted." Grant opened his arms towards the camp theatrically. "I am now Hand. Leader of all these dogs. Commoners, Epics, Phalange groups, Carpals, Joints and all that shit. I have been endowed with the titles of Hero and Rare, even martyr, although I live... HICCUP depending on the kings little fingers of course, that might change" he said in a whisper to himself and hiccuped again. What happened next caught Grant by surprise albeit his drunkenness. He almost cried although no one would ever know that, not even sober Grant.  Robert knelled, then George did the same and after him everyone else knelled. Without a word, first the soldiers around the fire then soldiers walking by and then further - soon most of the camp was kneeling - some didn't even know why. Each unsheathed their weapons, stabbed them in the earth if they had a pointy part or simply laid these before themselves otherwise, head bowed down. All paid allegiance to him, some to his power and most of them to the Hand. Grant let himself fall back onto the broken tree stump. The jug was still under his hard grip and it was shinning with light from the fire. Small precious stones glittered filling Grants face with color. His other hand mimicked his thoughts by grabbing his long swords pommel. A woman - no, a girl - couldn't be older than 16 from her tender face and silky skin, had been among the first of a column of rebels that flanked Grant's Phalange. Grant's Carpal General in the bosom of thick battle failed to predict this and so there was no counter-attack, no fluid repositioning of the army, no reaction. Just some people, the ones at the front, realising and seeing from what was unfolding infront of them that they could only but yell obscenities and prayers as the smell of their upcoming doom rushed ever closer in the form of coerce sweaty metal and dust. Realising what was about to happen - encirclement proceeded by certain death, Grant pushed himself to the front line. As he yelled orders in a vain struggle to search for some way out of their fait, he caught the girls eyes staring back at him. He lost himself in that rebel girls eyes. And then it started. An excited heat filling his ribcage. Thinking of it now made him feel it again - or was it the other way around? The thought scared his drunk self. The heat spread through his stomach and then his mind was loose. Like a fish leaping out of dense blue water and glimpsing at the outside world for the first time - Grant felt a power that was not his or of anyone mortal. His muscles were capable of moving mountains and had but his feeble mass to propel. His sword - craftsmanship, yes, but a simple piece of metal - felt gigantic and a continuation of himself. Her eyes were so close now that Grant could've spoken to her, tell her to run, or to get down, but instead his hand moved and with it the long sword. The slash was so great that perhaps thousands fell from it, either dead or dying. The first hundreds of people had been split into bits and pieces as the sword moved through them as if nothing but air stood in its path. A couple more slashes and the earth was spongy red and the battle won. Grant was dripping from his rivals gore as his brothers and sisters in arms thanked him and hailed him a hero, but the truth was that he had had no choice. What broke Grant was the math - he couldn't fadom how many he had slaughtered. And the ones he could were still too many to make a difference - he only had one face - that first girl who eyed him with her child eyes - she was the one he asked forgiveness every night from that day forward. 
  

It was a cold night outside of The Round Table where the finest ale in town was served. It was also the only inn ever built in the spell hunted town of Brimswoods. Made from enchanted green apples and milky beechwood honey - ingredients grown in the woods surrounding the inn and its tavern - the ale was sweet and mistakenly light to the palate for it kicked like a mule. Some say it would even make you hallucinate fantastic things if you drank enough of it without summoning it back up again. Regardless of the brew, the town's night owls, travelers, drunks and vagabonds seemed to have gravitated towards each other, perhaps for fear, perhaps for celebration, and together ended up at the tavern in that magical holiday night of no moons.

The town was an old one. It had been governed by different lords across time and the townspeople were used to passing things - they were nostalgic but disconnected. Being the greenest patch of land of a southern Port country it was very desirable and searched for. Ships and traders passed through it constantly as did their languages and costumes. Its rich coast line and sea bursting with fish as well as extensive fields of fertile land ready to birth fat crops were the bread and butter of the townspeople. The woman were mainly fishers and man usually worked the fields, both were relaxed and easy going. The timber, oceans of trees that diffused into rivers of forests whose arms extended through the land profusely, had a dark brown color but inside a rare purple hue spiraled through it, making it very popular for building furniture among nobility from far away kingdoms. The current family that received the town's taxes was the Bricks. They came to power through marriage - their youngest daughter paired with the eldest duke from the Stone family, the previous family that received the towns taxes and protected them against unprecedented threats that never came. The towns most wanted crop was a drug, a mild tranquilizer that the farm hands relished in their teas, the fisherwoman smoked in their purple wood pipes and foreign powers wanted to keep out of their borders while their rulers stashed full coffers the size of houses with it, enjoying its effects wholeheartedly. All the lords knew the plant's humble tale that had its origin in Brimswoods and everyone told some version of it - there once was a poor man that watered his crops with sea water. Everyone in town called him crazy-leg, not because he was crippled, although he was, but because they thought him crazy - you see, the gossip was that he had drank a little bit too much of the ocean he used to water his hypothetical plants. These never grew of course, because of the salt in the water. One day, old crazy-leg woke up in the middle of the night. The wind whistled at his wooden door and rain knocked at his windows and a loud weep crept into his ears. He limped out of bed, and since his house was but a room he couldn't avoid staring at the hawling black door. The weeping got louder at times, coming in bursts, filling him with chills. Old crazy-leg lit his night candle and then with it a cigarette he always kept on his night stand to help with his nerves and continued the limping towards his door. The weeping now sounding more like a saw brushing over some metal, lifted his skin up with goosebumps making him feel like a cold chicken. He finished the rest of his cigarette with one deep drag and on its numbing nicotine he opened the door. A baby stared back at him from a white pillow deep from a straw basket. The water had not got to the baby yet. Old crazy-leg brought the baby inside and when he saw a note attached to the babies pajamas he threw it in a drawer - for he could not read, but since we can - the note said "Dear Willies, you might not remember me for like me the port holds many and I suppose you've seen most of them (from what I hear). Well, I cannot keep this baby for I am dying. And since half of it belongs to you I hope that you take her and care for her. I am sorry. Livia". The baby  was named Hope and Hope grew into a beautiful girl old enough to marry, and married she was by very Old crazy-leg, or as he was known in the brothels - Willies - he arranged her to marry the horse master's son - Bert, who's father was Willies cousin. Old crippled Willies was getting too old now but his scientific endeavor still rushed through him like lightning. He would prove everyone wrong even if it killed him - he was going to show that sea water could grow crops, in fact, the best crops of all. One beautiful summer morning, when Willies was very sick and dying in his small wooden room that smelled of the sea, his daughter and her husband were desperately searching for some seed, any seed, in the hopes of bringing some rest to very old Willies. They searched the whole house for one until Hope stumbled upon something ancient made of darkened straws - it was her old baby basket - old Willies had kept it all this time. She hugged the now yellow pillow and sobbed into it. Beneath it she found three seeds - golden and shinny yelling for her attention. She put them in her white dress pocket and ran out to the field. With her slender fingers she pierced the brown warm earth and one by one she placed the seeds in, under a brilliant midday sun. When she was done Bert hugged her making Hope cry again and her tears hit the three seeds. Involved by her salty water the seeds immediately grew out of the ground, green and strong with the bluest flowers she had ever seen. Bert and Hope rushed inside, picked old Willies up and limped him outside to see his dream come true and old crazy-crippled died with a smile right there and then as the waves danced softly with the shore before them. 

Grant pulled softly on his jenny and stopped amid the muddy road leading to the town's center.  It had been raining every other day, softly and slowly, gently nurturing the ground. With every step, Grants donkey - who he called simply donkey thus naming it so, would sink a little bellow ground level which must have been very frustrating, wet and dirty. Grant stared at the squishy ground and mindlessly imagined his mounts mind. Something darker than the black earth came into his view. His eyes not knowing what to do with the small detail amongst the debree and surrounding misty darkness, they ignored it. "Do you think horse thoughts I wonder - no. You're so much calmer than a horse." He spoke outloud now, getting carried away by the sudden realization that his four-legged friend and companion was making conversation with him, albeit it being in the form of his own voice. "You're smar - no - dumber. Ah it's quite alright. You are what you are and I'll take care of you as long as you take care of me and my travels." He patted her with a wry smile. A black hare's foot. The image rendered in his minds eye now - he turned to look back - there was no hare, only a foot. It was neatly  placed on the center of the road Grant had been following - now behind them, the leg was clean and above ground as well - freshly done? Like a towering lighthouse illuminating the dark shores of a wild sea at night, Grant lifted his big head snugged in his bright yellow hood and turned it back to its right place - facing forwards. He was sleepy and in the middle of a crossroad and to be frank he didn't much care for hares and their foots - "at the moment they can go down the hares hole by themselves... Or was it rabbit's hole? Do hares have holes at all?!" He stopped his donkey and they both stared. In the middle of the circle a lamp post stood shining light from its oily entrails. The post was painted bright red - in fact it still dripped paint - and it only, just quite by chance, managed to illuminate the circle and its wooden arrows. To his right stood The Round Table and in it his eyes saw the promise of a smoothing fugue. He could see the building at the end of the road, proving that the wooden arrow with its blue and red aged paint were not liars. To his left a "school" probably stood, as per indicated in dry flaky black paint on an old wooden arrow sign - although he couldn't really see it in the surrounding darkness, and a "circus", or so the sign promised, in stripes, blue and yellow, freshly painted under "school".  So fresh it was that the responsible brush was still present, hovering next to the sign, dripping fat paint drops on the mud. A small old looking man held said paintbrush with one steady hand, pinky afloat. Grant stared at the smiling man from across the circle where the roads connected as the man stared back at Grant and then the smiling painter spoke.

"Heydi hidihidihi shall I help you work your way stranger or should I trust that you can read letters and numbers with'yer own mind fella?"

"I can read very well thank you old man. Is what you paint true? Or have I just caught you, hand in honey?" The wrinkly old man wailed a forced quick laugh, putting his free hand on his round belly.

"I'ma sorry, boy, but I am not of these parts - do you call painters honyers or something of the sort around these ways? Or is this a saying, an old interpretation, as they say? I am Bruno, and I work for the circus, you see?"  He pointed the brush at the sign he had painted himself. It was a wonderful art piece in its own right - as he unveiled his identity Bruno waved the brush back and forth, splashing paint in all sorts of manners and directions. "I travel with them and for one silver you can enjoy a show and see that I speak the truth, just come with me in the arrows direction fella - I am sorry, I did not mean to presume you can read directions as well! In any event, I can promise you that there is one going on as I speak and you listen!" He giggled and pulled his undergarments to cover his tush again - they started falling again immediately. Grant was so tired that as Bruno spoke he almost forgot the old man was speaking, or that he was real for that matter, because of this he only really heard the last sentence or so. 

"Old man, I am not in the mood for kicking you nor am I in the mood to be taken as a fool and be robbed of my belongings, you understand?" He tapped his sword's pommel with a thick index finger so that Bruno knew he meant it and that there was a sword.

"Sir, I am but a fool, a circus painter and a joker - do not take my tone to be an insult now! I entertain, that is all..." As he explained and gesticulated, Bruno also walked the circle's circumference in the direction of the other arrow - Grant did the reverse so that he maintained the same distance from the old jester. "Listen, I can see I have hurt your feelings, allow me to simply give you one free pass, uh? What say you? But just this once! I can assure you that no circus will be coming this way for quite some time, and non is as great as ours either..."

Grant rolled his eyes and sighted a tired sigh. 
"Now, why would there be a circus show at this time of night?"
"Why, we show ourselves in our shows at every hour of the day kind sir, of course, different peoples for different times." 

"I wonder how many villagers there are that would venture through a road at this time of night Bruno?"

"Well -" Bruno leaned an elbow on the Round Table arrow as he was cut off by Grant.
 
"I say you lie! But I do not care so much as to interject in your dwellings - simply leave me be and I'll grant you the same gratitude old man."

"I am not as old as I look although I am older than I speak to be and sound, on ears, younger and older than myself and that I am to know myself to be." Bruno bowed after this gibberish and continued to walk the other half of the circle, as Grant did the same, both finishing back at their starting arrows. 

"Dui" Grant said without looking back at Bruno as he headed towards the inn. 

"The pleasure was all yours - AND DO SAY HELLO...!" at this point Grant was already riding away, but Bruno continued as much as for Grant as for himself "to my circus friends who are resting there, and you are surely bound to meet and love hidihidihi".

  Lured by the still distant sounds of leisure that streamed from the inn and its wooden comfort, he smiled a rare smile. He had been looking for alcohol, a place to rest his tired mount and another, preferably different, to rest himself, so that he could forget about his big heavy body until sunrise. Then he would sell his amulets at the town's market as he had often done through the towns he passed. Magical amulets that he acquired through perfectly legal means, of course, but don't ask him twice about that. Other things were on his mind too, "It's fucking cold outside" as well as "the gods made this day not one for midnight travels...", and it wasn't, not even for him. Arriving at the torch lit house, he stabled his dark brown jenny on its own little inn by the side of The Round Table. The other horses didn't appreciate the nuisance, everything was restless in this dense night. He felt worried about his own mount and a small prayer produced in his mind "Fucking fairy month, let them steal one of the horses if they must and leave my jenny be" - thus blessing the donkey against all misfortunes, at least in his heart. As he walked towards the wide wooden doors, laughter showered him, followed by the click clacking of glasses, the tune of a lute and his player's voice, accompanied by an orchestra of roaring fires and crackling wood. Grant pushed hard against the doors. Above them, under torch light read in big red and blue wooden letters "The Round Table".


Grant, having stepped in, was instantly involved by the tavern's insides - "Au!" was the first thing out of his big mouth, after a dressed monkey stomped his toes. A circus was in fact in town and had clowned its way right inside the tavern. His yell was followed by two other onomatopoeias and their causal monkeys. These were wearing fisherwoman hats and held each others hands. The monkeys jumped on a round oak table and a senseless argument among the occupants and the monkeys ensued. These baboons were followed by a person dressed in a tight green body-piece decorated with red squares. She also stepped over Grant. She ran behind the monkeys while imitating them by pursing her shiny lips and scratching her armpits. "Well, that's a lot of tavern to be stepping over my fucking feet", Grant burst out loud only to have his words drown in the sea of sound that filled the tavern in volume. As he traced the clowns with his weary dark eyes he reflected over the fact that the whole ground floor of the inn was, in fact, the tavern. He saw the bard playing on a small stage in front of five full tables where mostly crooked people sat in admiration. These seemed enchanted by the bards soothing love song about a prince and his so much desired princess, who obviously already had her hand promised to someone else, probably unworthy, older, smellier and uglier than the prince by an unmeasurable degree. Their enchantment leaped into a surprise when two circus people landed on the stage. Their surprise burst into laughter when one of these mimes pretended to be the bard by mimicking his every move, including sitting on an invisible chair - that is, after trying to sit on the bard´s lap. He mimicked and exaggerated the bards facial expressions while his colleague attempted to balance anything he could find about the stage and surrounding tables on the mime's head and limbs. The real bard pushed forth, trying his best to transmit the melancholy and faithfulness of his song, hopefully overtaking the comedic act unfolding over his own. Grant cracked a smile at the perverse scenario forgetting about his toes and pushed his way towards the bar. As he was getting ready to interact with the inn keeper a man burst through the door armed with a bow and arrow wearing a green suit and a pointy hat with a red feather sticking out of it - "Where are you my lady!? I shall defeat the beasts who took you from me! Have no fear my pearl, for I - Nibor Doow, prince of the castles - have arrived, and I own so many many castles". 

Behind the bar was Camelot, a bear of a woman and the owner of The Round Table. She saw Grant approaching while she served ale - "Hoi stranger, what can I get ya? Never mind the silly goons".
Grant, wanting to be heard over the music and the crowded voices, pulled his yellow hood back and yelled huskily "Hoi miss, get me fists of yer best ale, enough to drown me in peace" - "you're in light, that's the only ale we have - the best. And enough to drown a whale or two as well." 
"That is grand! Take'em to the game table will ya? That is, if you have one."  
"The best in Brimswoods as well - two shields per ale and one crown for sitten mid-game, yes? There's three old dogs and two bitches goen at it already" she said while walking around the oak counter filled with drunks, "Follow my ass, but don't stare at it cause I'll feel it you cheeky bastard." She smiled with her round face and tapped her pointy nose on the side. The remark made him jolly even before the ale. The counter went for half the length of the room, stools filling it with noisy, lively people. The small stage had a cushioned chair where the bard sat at the center of the room - its legs worked into ivory and flowers, the chair was the most expensive item in the whole inn Grant thought.

"Sssssun!" an arrow flew over Grants head. Nibor Doow was shooting arrows across the room until he finally hit his target. The green lady who pretended to be a monkey gave a sharp yell, a twist and a theatrical flip followed by an ugly face and "STUMP" it sounded as she hit the boarded floor. "Ahah! I've got one of you monsters! Fear me now!" he yelled as he leaped forward and embraced one of the baboons, confusing it for his princess. "Worry not and cry no longer my clam, for I have saved you! And you'll have so many castles, one for each color of the rainbow!" the monkey kissed him on the lips and everybody laughed. "Do these cunts even know what night it is today?" - Camelot looked back at Grant's incredulous face while his body squeezed through tables "Ups, excuse me - uh - behen'ya. Well, they do - Ugh, sorry - that's why they are here and drunk. For protection."
Grant looked at Camelots butt to test an hypothesis he had - perhaps she wasn't a witch after all - and followed her to the game table. The green monkey princess and the maniac prince were now bowing while the monkeys went from table to table and extending their hats at the costumers, collected shinny coins. To get to the game table, Grant had to walk towards the furthest fireplace which sat in the far most corner of the room. On their way Grant saw an enormous man laughing very hard, looking like a red balloon, full and ready to burst - his table friends howled and cried, hitting the table and each other. Another table, three bearded woman sat in a triangle and stared at Grant as he passed by, having stopped their words abruptly - "BANG!" Grant looked back at the sound of broken wood and saw the big man rolling on the floor - now laughing purple. A shrimp that had been lodged in his throat but had been expelled by his abrupt fall now laid on his forehead. Camelot's butt pushed a full grown man right out of his seat and onto the floor. "Oh by the gods, let me help yup fella" she turned at Grant while she helped the confused man up - "I done know where ye're from, but around here drinken is our way of avoiden the little bitches miasmes. It worked for ma granda and it sure works for the folk now." Grant grunted. It was a fucked up night. People died often. Not many, but Grant knew about it even though he was not from Brimswoods. At the moment, he wasn't from anywhere really, but it was all the same to him. At least the Inn was merry. 

At the counter, very merry indeed, sat an old wizard. No one knew he was a wizard and he wanted to keep it that way. His name was Leopoldino of Schrödinger the Feynman. But everyone knew him by Leopold and that he did not mind, for the name of a wizard is quite a powerful thing in the right hands and thrice as powerful in the wrong ones. The magician had more deeper and pungent secrets to keep as well - he put these in two boxes: one at his heart and the other in his head. Apart from himself, only a child and his mother had the keys to these boxes as old tradition and sound practice advises. In this specially dark night, much like in every other moon washed night before it, Leopold was sitting at the bar and telling jokes to whoever sat near by, even if just to himself - he didn't mind, and in fact sometimes it was preferable for he was such a good listener, and a smart one as well, so no small detail or reference was wasted on him. 
He was drunk, of course, and his black velvet cape glittered in the fire light like a thousand galaxies dripping from the milky way. It would have tasted like honey if the eye had palate. 
"What does a Jew, a catholic priest and a movie director have in common?" Leopoldino's cheeks were red as apples. As usual, the drunks who sat at the counter with him answered the question with another question - all other people gasped at the never ending interruptions that made Leopoldino's jokes funny for all the wrong reasons.
"Wait, a jew? What does that mean? Is that somethin people do, or a someone's name?"
"A name? No, it is a person for the heavenly library's sake."
"Oh easy man, don'go on summonin the scribin programmers for notin'. So, a Jew is a person then? Like a name o'somon?"
"No, the word 'Jew' is a diminutive of the word Jewish - indicating the person's faith, which comes from the word 'Judaism' - the religion." - hiccup - "Like, like.. Like, you who probably believes in your gods of potatoes and water? Well, they believe in a singular creator and all of that mess - but moving on. What do you think they -"
"So, wait, wait, a different faith!? But ther' only be the three gods or may the great Tree of Erin strike me down! What be you speakin!"
"..."
"And, wait, wait, wait..." - another said with a beginners enthusiasm and confidence - "What is a 'catoholic' then? Don tell me it is a person who gets drunk on cats? I knew ye'd get sick if they poo on ye but drunk!?" Leopoldino's smile dropped to a frown and everybody laughed burly laughs. "You know what? I am done! Done with, with... With all of you!" - hiccup - "All different but equally the same! You are written and drawn by the same heavy shaky hand." Leopold said while enacting this with his own hand. "You only possess different faces, one uglier than the next, because the hand quavered so much. You're all iterations of the same biographical self portrait of shit! Now leave me drink my drink and you drink yours or I'll do it for you." He turned quickly, straightening his cape by pulling it out from under his bottom and frowned solemnly at his dark golden drink that fizzed in a thick quartz crystal beer stein. The lid was ornamented with little silver cherubs that held its tip as if ready to lift the lid or close it at their master's command - this was his own personal stein which he proudly kept at the inn for presentation purposes. Everyone else drank from either glass or dark yellow porcelain steins and mugs. His pressed hard on the shinny wood counter and everyone surrounding Leopold continued their long laugh having managed the funniest joke out of him - to make him miserably annoyed. Leopold couldn't contain himself and laughed along side them.

Exactly on the other side of the room, Grant sat at the round granite table. More people waited for the game to start - two fisherwoman that smoked from the same purple wood pipe and sat with their legs crossed under long striped skirts. Their toasted skin kissed by the sun gave their trade off immediately to Grant, although their way with words would've done the same - fisherwoman were gifted with explicitness and nimbleness in their comedy - a good laugh, when voiced at something other than the listener, would stay with them for days. But if the hearer was the target, it would make them shiver and hide like an hermit crab. The oldest fisherwoman was telling a story at the moment, and Grant listened contentedly.
"...Regina was her name. That lobster licker, I tell you I haven't had that much fun in high sea since - "
"Shht! Yer husband Junia! He's right there!" Junia who was in her late 70's turned back so quickly that she almost fell off her chair. Her husband was, of course, not behind her. In fact her husband had been dead for years now. And she was mostly fine with that, but sometimes she had to be reminded of it.
She turned back slowly towards her fisher friend and spoke from under a smiling grin: 
"Oh you sea cow! Yer seeing ghosts aren't ye then?" She smacked Junia's old wrinkly leg like an old mate would and apologized.
"Continue then, I love your stories of younger times, chasing for those skirt-mussels. I won't stop'ya no more, promise on old Burt's skinny soul".  Junia lit the pipe with a match and puffed a few times from it. A rich lavender cloud immersed her amber lit face and soon the whole table was involved in deep smog. Deeper crevices filled her face with heaviness that only old age brings upon a soul. Like rivers flowing towards two blue seas, her eyes pulled you in through those chasmic tracks of old.
"You scabbardita, yer just jealous of not having known my coral pussy in its golden age -".
"Scented of ripe sea bas it did, likely, likely" Sophia interjected.
" - a pinch of salt, olive oil and potatoes and you got yourself a kings meal!" Junia completed.
"Yeah, yeah, truly a Milena, weren't ya? Move on!"  
"Fuck, where was I? ... Regina! Yes. She had been smokin too much of these happy flowers and on that night, when she walked home, she heard an elder tree. It was tellin her to penetrate into it! By the gods, like all'ya boys want to do to me, you see! Well, like ye fellas, she wasn't right of mind. She climbed in it through a hole big enough to fit an orgy of squirrels. And then the bitch fell asleep in there! Old Pattrick happened to be walkin nearby, on his way to the apple market or something stupid like that and heard her screeeeeeeeeeeeeeams. He had to hack her out of it with his ripe arms and sharp axes. She was on a fit for weeks! You explain that with your reasons then boy".
"Well miss..." The rational of the boy was nullified by Leopold, who, to everyone's surprise, had sat on the table without speaking a word. He finally had had enough of the drunks and decided to drag his mornful face to the game table - perhaps some external action would stop his depressing state of mind. He was good at the game and he usually played it before the night was done either way. Seeing that there were finally six players, the right amount to play the game, and without thinking much of it, Grant bended across the cold table to grab the deck of cards that sat at the center of it, right next to a polished crystal ball. A gloomy yellowed thing they were, an old pack of 78 cards. With bent rims and pearly insides that darkened towards the edges, an ale stain here and there - these cards had served the inn for a long time.
"You were saying thoughtful boy" Leopold said addressing the farm hand with his voice while his gaze fixated the crystal ball.
"Well, yes. Well, miss, I don know bout no speakin trees. But I figure I just take it too be true either way - for if the gods can strike me if I don and I can be struck if I do, I'll just take it to be on their side...". Grant interjected saying that he was going to hand cards, the table agreed and so he did. 
"Hoi Ron, ye fish-head, the gods shall smack ye indeed if ye go on playin games like that!" Junia spat as she spoke while three cards were handed to her: three with their backs up - the blind hand, or last hand - and three cards with their backs facing down, on top of the blind hand - the gold rush, to be played only when the deck and the players hand was empty. And then another three cards - the players hand.
"They might very well have put me hiere just to pound on ya myself, if yer lucky enough!". She was getting closer and closer...
And then, as if the gods were really on the poor farmers side - although not soon enough for Regina's breath, marinated in centuries of tabacco and fish, had already lodged itself in his nose - the waiter, a boy of 16, as skinny as he was beautiful of face, dropped ale on Grant's lap. Boy farmer Ron had, unbeknownst to himself, tripped the poor waiter with his foot. Grant didn't much care, he was drunk, thinking of bed sheets and how Sophia had already meet his eyes more times than chance warrants. But she, the youngest fisherwoman, reacted from instinct and the words raced ahead of her thoughts. It was as if the waiter had dropped boiling soup over her child. 
"Oh you shit-ricker! Are you a farm hand then? Pay attention to yer job hey? I should make ye dance atop the sharks naked and stupid with fear, maybe then ye learn how to fucking walk huh?" The boy was red as a tomato.
"Sir I am sorry!" the waiter boy deplored and tried to clean Grants groin with a towel. Grant pushed his hand away and roared:
"Just give me that ragged thing for fucks sake! And bring me another one boy!"
"Yes sir, on the house sir, yes!"
"I meant a towel boy!" but he was already on his way.
As the boy left, the oldest fisherwoman spoke, rowdy and nasty.
"I have a son and if I ever doubted he was a dick licker I'd send his ass while it was still tight to the high seas, together with the ladies. Grabbing a men like that. Uh. A month or two as the only stick a'board and they'd cling to him like limpets cling to hard rock. The boy'd come back straighter than a board." Ron burst out laughing but Grant felt miserable. The words "avoid comfrontation" echoed over and over again, hitting the walls of his mind until he felt the fire that singed his insides withered down. Once his innwards were flimsy enough for him to be confident again he sat down and extinguished the fire by asking for whoever had the lowest card to play first, as the rules commanded - Sophia looked at the table "I have the three, anyone else?" Leopold also had one but didn't mind - Sophia playing first meant that he'd go last and that was a good thing in this game. He hinted at her with a friendly smile from under his beards as if to say "go ahead my dear".  
Sophia played her three of moons - a large smilling blue moon adorned the center of the card and smaller moons making inacting different moods and faces, pictograms of the lunar calendar, each a phase, filled the corners of the card.
Grant's eyes meet Sophia's for the dozenth time, she was teasing him. And then the fifth player at the table, a young man dressed in nice linen, spoke.
"Is the boy a whore?" the man looked too serious for no one to answer him.
Old Junia spoke in a cloud of smoke "The waiter boy is called Alphonse. And he is the boy whore of the inn. For a bunch'a'coins heel do ya, and heel do ya good."
"Fascinating" the lined man declared.
"What sort of hallucinatory state must his small mind be..." He smiled an awful smile from under his brow. 
"What are you barking about" Junia shot at him while Ron threw his card at the center of the table - a low card, nine of coins, but higher then the six of death that Junia had played. As dictated by the rules, a player must drop a card higher than the previous one, or else...
"Surely you know the word - hallucinatory - those moments that you know well, from hitting that beautifuly expensive pipe of yours. What I am saying is that I do not know how his life must be". Cigarette smoke cascaded upwards from his mouth into his nostrils as he spoke, then up it went like a bat nestting in the dark wooden ceiling of the tavern. "So young as well!" He gesticulated flamboiantly, cigarette waving like a wand balanced between his index and middle fingers.
"I'll hit you with the hallucinatory pipe if ye don start makin sense ye bastard. What be yer name then, oh great lined tongue?" She stick out her pipe at him reprehensibly.
"My name is Mcthrow. And I mean no disrespect of course, my sea lady." He played with his cigarette hand and spoke while skimming through his cards. He went for a wizard of love, a cartoonish old man with a pointy red hat winking from the card's center - this was bigger than king Harry and Charles, but smaller than witches, unicorns and dragons - in that order.
"Well sir Mcthrow, I'll throw ye into the deep seas if ye attack me like that again. Calling me hallucinatory... how about that? Yer not scared of fisherwoman's magic? Some say we can make naughty men sleep walk towards the waves. And the water silences foolish speech so well..."
"But lady Junia I am but arguing that you are a fisherwoman, and is that not the case? - a veteran at it"
"I am a cat of the seas, yes." Leopold spinned the card he knew he would play between his dumb and index finger while he waited his turn. Grant had to play first. He was fortunate enough to have a wizard himself, this time with a black pointy hat but the same smirk. His was of fire and the naipe was decorated with red flames around the picture. Grant in his drunken stupor forgot to pick a card from the deck after playing which prompted Sophia to kick him in the shin - he corrected his mistake in time for no one to call him out.
"Then, you admit to have taken this idea of a fisherwoman like a glass takes to water, shaping yourself according to the fisherwoman type. You have changed your habits and learned the skills. You're no longer just Junia who does what Junia does - you are Junia the fisherwoman, and therefore predictable for anyone who knows the fisherwoman type. Words are predictable. Even thought - Ahahahahah." He laughed when Junia flicked him off with both hands and took a deep drag from her pipe. Gold and silver liced her every finger, gold on the left hand and silver on the right.
"Did ye predict this then?" And the table howeled. Leopold played his unicorn of moons with a flourish - and since the unicorn was higher than the highest card Sophia had - a Harry of suns, illustrated by a knight in golden armour garnished with a smirking sun in its chest, she had to pick up all the cards which set her back behind everyone else at the table.
"You old fart, I swear to the gods..." Sophia vexed.
"Come on now, no need to hurt an old mans feelings over a game of luck!" Leopold laughed.
"And Mr. lined tongue, I don't think any 16 year old boy would take to being a prostitute like water takes to the glass. If your intent was in justifying something..." Mcthrow didn't reply.
As the game progressed Grant kept looking for the waiter boy. Alphonse worked hard and quickly. What would it be like to be Alphonse? What would it be like to have to sleep with all those man? How did it feel? Leopold's husky low voice caught Grant's ear and he found himself back at the table. 
"Well, it's a programming language that -" Leopold was telling Ron about reality.
"what do you mean by programming?"
"- Well... I mean what I said and what I meant by what I said is that you can define behavior through conditions in a very well constructed formal language. You see, logic -"
"No, I don' see it, ye're speakin in tongues man. What do you mean old man. Do you mean magik?"
"Well now, I'm younger than I look -"
"And clever as a crow, but what ye're sellin me here for gold is just pebbles. Don' take me for a dumbwitt. Now thread carefully man, explain yer'self"
"Okay, okay. Well now..."
"Listen then. What I am failing to enlighten you about is the nature of reality dear Bob and how everything is constructed over simple primitives."
"For the last times, my name is Ron. Ye speak of the ether recipe..?" The farmer boy insinuated.
"Exactly so, exactly so. Let me use then scripture, song and faith tales."
"That's what ye should'o'done in the first place!"
"Yes, yes - my fault old horse. In the great library - "
"Where tiles are inscribed with tales, and the shelves are long, fluid streams of gold!" Junia expressed with exagerated excitement.
"..."
"You seem to know the tale quite well Junia."
"... Me ma taught me letter and number by it at the table when I was just a lil seed."
"Well then, a nice ma you had. Did she then tell you about the books on these shelves?"
"She needed not to - a library is full a books - that I knew and everybody knows - ya don'need to see one."
"Very good. But then let me tell you Bob - the ether recipe is written in those very books. Books that only one of the gods can read, and even that one needs glasses to do so. And in these books the letters and numbers are different from the ones your ma taught you Bob - these are written in the code of nature, the rules for how to make everything in the world Bob - the wielder of which can create anything - you see how library sounds very similar to liberty? This is why that is so. The library gives you the knoweledge to liberate you from darkness, or dumbness. Soon enough solutions start poping in your corn brain Ron. It's like you're better at reality when you read. And this is people scripture we're talking about - think about the freedom that would come with knowing the language of the world."
"And if ye could read them ye could understand anything uh?" Ron asked.
"Anything Bob. And if you could write in them you could make anything become true as well! What would you write about Bob?"
"Gold and bitches me lord! All of them for me! Ahahahahah!" 
"Charming Bob"
"Hey, I told'ye, me'name's not Bob for fuck's sake, it is -"
"Ron, yes yes. I know Bob, it's just an expression old horse. Gold and bitches, you'd be a poet if these were other times..."
The game continued on, as did swearing, yelling and laughing. Leopold was very drunk now. He was staring at the crystal ball that sat at the centre of the table. There was no more deck to take cards from and so the table was playing their last hands before picking up their gold hands. This was a losing game. You didn't win it  by finishing your hands first, you lost by finishing your hands last. The loser would then have to pay depending on the arranged agreement which was always in multiples of six: six times the entry fee, twelve times the entry fee, and so on.  
"What is that for anyways?" Ron asked, feeling suspicious having lost the last hand himself. Grant answered his question. 
"Well Bon, Ron, my boy farmer Ron . . . That brilliant sphere is for doing... MAGIK. It's a myth ofcourse. I personally am of the belief that it is a symbol for luck and how much it plays into the game." Leopold chuckled, then giggled and finally screamed shrieks of laughter.
"The man has gone mad" Junia said to Sophia, laughter forming in their faces, and soon after both were crying from repeated heckles and mockings among themselves pointed at Leopold.
"Boys and Girls, that clear ball of ages old is for seeing who's damned enough to cheat at games of luck. It has spells on it that curse the cheater by showing them on it. You do have to be a wizard to see it, but that is the way of things". Mcthrow stared at the other players very seriously. And then broke in a roar of laughter as well.
"You don't really believe in magik do you Leopold?" The linen man dared to ask while wipping his funny tears with a white hanckerchief.
"Uh? What is that Mr. Mcthrow? Magik and belief in the same sentence don't go well together. I don't believe in it, or it, or on it, ofcourse."
"Right... I mean, a man of your knoweledge would clearly -"
"I don't believe it, for the same reason that you don't have to believe that your hands and feet are yours, or that you can't eat this solid table, nor drink your own suit. There's no belief involved" Leopold was gravely serious.
"..." Silence filled the table.
"And allow me to say that one of you has been cheating for the entirety of this game".
"Leopold have you gone mad - no one would cheat at the magic table, the Gods see all." Junia said, getting ready to play her card. Sophie stoped her from playing.
"Are ye serious right now Leo?"
"I am."
Suddenly Grant jumped to his feet and leaped over the table throwing cards everywhere. Junia tried to grab him to no avail. Everyone got up except for Leopold - he was looking at Mcthrow:
"Aren't you going to do something man?!"
"You're right - " Leopold pointed at Grant and with a twitch of his finger and an uperceivable word Grant's sword - which Grant was trying to reach as he ran - unsheaded itself and went flying through the room unti it found the inn's doors, where it plowed itself with incredible force. Sophie's angry face bloomed into confusion when she realized what was happening - Grant was running towards a group of people that had surrounded Alphonse. Grant must have seen it happening before anyone else because no one in the inn seemed to realize what was happening. The group of five farmers were punching and kicking Alphonse. One of them, a young broadshoudlered guy, had cut his clothes and was pealing them off of him. Alphonse could only sob as he tried to protect his head. When Grants body meet the group of people the result was explosive - he caught two people with each, one with the forearm and the other with his bicep, a third with his other shoulder and the last he grabbed his face with his giant hand, and the last, the fifth farmer, was caught under Grants full heavy body and the others who were being dragged along. The sound of the 6 man falling was enought to make the inn stop. Alphonse had dragged himself under a table and Camelot was yelling and threatning the ball of man that laid on the floor. Three of the five man were gone - they were either dead or out cold from being hit by Grant's mass. The other two were trying to recompose themselves. One of them puked while he hurried through his pants and jacket looking for something. The other was about to speak from a maddened bloody face when Grant fit his fist in it. The man automatically colapsed on himself. The last one was running towards Grant now, wielding a hunter knife that he produced from his garments. Grant didn't see him quickly enough and the knife was about to sink in his back when Leopold shrieked, still from the game table: HIGGIDY HOGGIDY BOOP and everyone inside the inn froze. Thinks froze as well, the knife that the farmer threatened to stab Grant with was hanging mid-air, as were some glasses that were bound to fall, ale cascading down statically and awkwardly.
"You fools, for 100 years no one had made me so worked up for so little -" Leopold got up with difficulty.
"You bunch of drunks, do you know how expensive memory spells are? Fuck no, you don't. Fuck, fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck. Shit." - Leopold kicked a chair and produced a pointy velvety hat from thin air. He didn't place the black cone atop his head.
He was walking back and forth between the group of men while thinking and speking, mostly to himself.
"Hibbity Gobbity tit? No, no, no... How was it? How? Gobly Goopty Tut? Pffffff... FUCK. Okay, fine."
"Before I do it, you idiots, this is Grant. The Hand? How that didn't ring all the bells in your tinny brains is besides me. Grant the fucking Hand of the army. The legendary warrior that disapeared after cutting the blockist army in half? I mean he has the ugly soldier tattoo right there, right in his forearm - terrible job by the way, at hiding it sir Grant, but I suppose with so many eyes and stars it is not an easy task. But oh well. I can't have you going mad in here for this is my inn, and every wizard has their own. Well, this is mine. And you wouldn't shit where you eat right? Well, I wouldn't let the God-touched have a fit and destroy my lair either."
Leopold pulled a chair and sat on it, setting his feet on top of someone's back, one of the man Grant fell on who was frozen while getting up. Leopold took a small red pouch from the inside of his hat and placed the cone back in his head. He set the tabacco pouch on his lap and started rolling a ciggarette from its contents. While he rolled everyone in the room thought. Grant maybe thought the most - he knew there were many assassins that would gladly try their luck at getting him despite the legend of his prowess. A bounty enough to make anyone royal had been placed on his head and Leopold knew who he was. Now, why would he openly declare it to everyone in the inn on this night of all nights? He must intend to kill him and collect the prize. Grant supposed it was alright - he had a long run. And, by the Gods, he knew he deserved it. He felt calmer, the spell helped - it made his body numb. Sophie, he couldn't see her from where he lay - only the wooden ceiling hovering above him - or was he hovering under it? He relished the thought of having her - not the image but the possibility - filling him with a nostalgic bliss.
Leopold lit his cigarette with the tip of his index finger from which a small pink flame danced for a moment. He exhaled the smoke through his nostrils like a tired dragon.
"Can't even remember spells and shit... I'm getting old I suppose. Fuck it -" Leopold pushed himself up and placed his ciggarette on the chair. With one hand he held the conical hat vertically and with the other he reached inside of it. His arm went deep inside the hat, and then it went deeper than the hat - this made the unlucky spectators uneasy. He searched for a bit, then seemed to grasp at something that was further than the hat went. He started sweating and heaving while pulling. Finally, a form started to emerge inside the velvet cone which made everyone jitter, including himself. A muffled sound leaked from the bag, a yell and then "What the shit!" - Leopold pulled a final time spilling the contents of the hat on the floor - a fat cherub with golden locks and soft small wings was squirming and swearing at Leopold "You old bastard, they will know that you pulled me out again! You can't! You haven't the right Feynman! Let me go!"
"Oh calm down you imbicile - Stop twiching! I need the key and then I'll set you free Gods be damned" The angel flapped his wings like a wild eagle fighting for its life. If it had a beak it would have tried to bite Leo, but since it hadn't such a weapon, it sweared and cursed at the old wizard, kicking and screaming. Leopold finally managed to grab the cherub by the wings:
"I will call your name if you don't stop you baby!"
"You wouldn't dare! You bastard! You would not dare!"
"I will if you don't stop!"
"Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck" and the angel fell limp and wimpering on the floor. Leopold was panting laying next to it.
"What the fuck do you want either way Leopold, you asshole"
"The key, the fucking key you little cunt. I need my memories, I am old and fucking done."
"Oh"
"Yeah, hurry up then"
"I was bathing in sweet oil while dryads sang to me Leopold, their song would make any mortal jizz themselves immediately. And you pull me from your smelly hat like a shitting rabbit for this? You old sad man."
"NAMIEL" Leopold squawked the cherubs name as loud as he managed.
"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!" The babies body froze to a halt.
"I order you to give me my key. But first summon my mother..."
Without a word or motion of any sort Namiel invoked the spirit. Sophie was frozen sitting in her sit. She saw it happening - it wasn't what she had dread. Leopolds mother, or what ever that person was, was simply there. She wasn't see through, or terribly scary. She was rather beautiful really. Long ginger hair and a fair face. She was also younger than Leopold by at least 20 years. Leopold looked her in the eyes. 
"Fuck, hey. The key mother, I need the key."
The spirit smiled a weary faint smile and moved towards Leopold slowly, her long wavy white dress covering her feet. Leopolds mother reached into his chest while the floating cherub used his small thick hands to penetrate Leopolds head. Both of their hands went in Leopold as if through thin air and came out with two small black boxes. These contrasted greatly with their milky skin colour.
"I am going to fucking hate this. Go, do it."
Both beings produced silver keys, adorned with ivory and clams. They opened eachothers black boxes and Leopold knew everything, again. For the third time in his life he had to unlock his memories. Painful memories of his past and of the universe. The truth and the understanding about himself and of reality was in those boxes. But this was important - this was his lair, his home and he had to bring things to normality, for his own sake. For tomorrows Leopold, so that he could enjoy the safety and comfort of the inn while patiently and ignorantly awaiting some end.
"..."
Leopold sent Grant and the group of drunk man outside of the inn with his magic. And then:
"Ram Pum Tim, Mit Mup Mar"
A flash followed and the memories faded once again. Leopolds and everyone elses together vanished from the inn as did Namiel and the ghost. Reality continued smoothly for drunks and sober people alike.
Outside of the inn Grant laid unconscious on the mud while the group of drunk men stumbled to their feet.
"Shit, my foot. I think me foot is broken!"
"Ye pussy, ye want me to carry ye Lary?"
"Fuck ye John, I think it's really broken! What the fuck!" 
"Shit my head hurts" A third one admitted.
"Ye girls need is ale, more of it, all of it in yer pieholes"
"Wait, it's that..."
"Is that a fucking donkey?"
"Nah, no way." Lary tried to walk on his broken foot.
"Aaaaah, shit, shit, shit, my fucking foot. I can't"
"Ahahahahaha, ok Lary, comeon I ma help ye mate ahahahahah"
"Put me down Bron! You arse, you stupid potato head!"
"A donkeys arse? ahahahahaha" Large Bron placed Lary on top of the donkey, led the donkey out of its stable and slapped it hard on the rear.
"Get well soon Lary! Ahahahahah" Lary yelled some more obsceneties and the group of man walked inside the inn laughing gravely at their peers prank.
When Grant woke up, drunk and slow, he supposed he had gotten so drunk that he must have done something awful inside the inn that got himself kicked out. He could not see his jenny. He searched and searched, looking each horses face. After completing this verification for the third time he believed his donkey had been eaten by fairies. He started walking in no particular direction while tears streamed down his rough muddy face.
"WHAT IS GRANT THINKING"

Leopold gets his heart box - to do this he summons the kid and the woman, he gets the spell from there. 
Describe how the people feel. 
He does the spell, they loose their memory.
 Outside, blah blah blah.